The following program contains material which may be offensive to some viewers or may be inappropriate for viewing by children.


Music cue!


Saturday, April 23, 2016
Live from Studio A at Portland Community Media
It’s Presentation Nation!
Tonight’s show features a presentation by David Garrett
Our musical guest is Volcanic Pinnacles
And your host…
 ROSS BRACKETT!


(Ross runs out)


Haha all right!
Welcome, one and all to the premiere episode of the Karaoke Research Council’s brand new show, Presentation Nation. I am your host, Ross Brackett. 


Portland loves presentations! And not just in meetings at work! If you've ever visited meetup.com, you know there's hundreds of gatherings every month in the greater Portland area where nerds, hobbyists, and fanatics of all sorts meet, greet, eat, and almost inevitably sit and watch a slideshow presentation related to the topic at hand. 


The folks who makes these presentations, the presenters, labor for hours upon hour to make information-packed presentations, show them to a select group of peers, and then toss 'em to the wind. Well, no longer! Your presentations are cool, Portland. It's our mission to catalog this underground, under-appreciated artform one presentation at a time. Combine that with some of the wildest bands around - Volcanic Pinnacles is our musical guest today- and you’ve got the makings of a monthly half-hour of television unlike any you've ever seen! 


And on that note, Let’s jump right in with our first presentation… ever! I saw David present on this topic for the first time about a month ago and thought it was awesome, so I invited him here tonight! Ladies and gentlemen, David Garrett!


-What is the presentation?
-Is he ready?
(yes, or stall)


OK, then I’ll leave you to it. David. Once again, presenting on Artificial Intelligence libraries in Javascript, David Garrett.




(David presents)


-Ask if he has any plugs




Fantastic, David, thank you. If you have or know about a great presentation that you think everyone should know about, email us at ideas@presentation.fyi or give us a call at (503) 974-4839 and tell us all about it


If you’d like to be in our audience, come to one of our meetups! Go to http://presentation.fyi and you’ll be redirected right to our page on meetup.com to RSVP.


Here’s our next two taping dates:
Sat. May 28, 2016 at 5:30 PM
Sat. June 25, 2016 at 5:30 PM 


At Portland Community Media
2766 NE MLK Jr. Blvd, Portland OR


All right, if you’re just tuning in, this is Presentation Nation, I’m your host Ross Brackett. I am so pleased now to announce our musical guest. You can find them online at https://volcanicpinnacles.bandcamp.com/, (add any upcoming shows) - two very nice individuals who are also capable of generating unfathomable consciousness-bending sounds in real time, ladies and gentlemen, Volcanic Pinnacles!


(band plays)


Volcanic Pinnacles, ladies and gentlemen! (Shake hands)


All right, if you’re just tuning in, this is Presentation Nation, I’m your host Ross Brackett.


For our final presentation of the evening, I’ll be giving a little presentation of my own, and perhaps a little walk down memory lane for those of you have been doing this for a while. I call it:


PowerPoint: Origins






PowerPoint
-Most commonly-used presentation software
-Originally called Presenter
-Created by Forethought, Incorporated
-Designed for the original Apple Macintosh
-Renamed from Presenter to PowerPoint in 1987
-Forethought Inc. purchased by Microsoft the same year




So, if you haven’t already guessed why the graphics on this edition of Presentation Nation are so old school, the reason is this: we’re using the very first version PowerPoint to do all the titles for this episode! In fact, you’re looking at a PowerPoint 1.0 slideshow right now, running on a virtual Macintosh on my laptop right now. 


(in second window)
-Basic tour of what PowerPoint can do 


-"Try it yourself" 


-Close that second window and boot up


-We'll Import a jpeg into PowerPoint 1.0 as a way to show off all the features


-convert.exe -monochrome -compress none powerpoint.png powerpoint.tif
-ImportFL
-"Open As" into Photoshop to get around Resource Fork issues
-Export as PICT format
"Paste As" into PowerPoint


-If you just want to play around with MacOS without a bunch of hassle, you can do it in your browser!


Well, I hope you enjoyed this episode of Presentation Nation


Once again, if you have or know about a presentation that you think everyone should know about, email us at talk@presentation.fyi or give us a call at (503) 974-4839 and tell and tell us all about it 


...or just come to one of our meetups! Go to http://presentation.fyi and you’ll be redirected right to our page on meetup.com to RSVP.


Here’s our next two taping dates:
Sat. May 28, 2016 at 5:30 PM
Sat. June 25, 2016 at 5:30 PM 


At Portland Community Media
2766 NE MLK Jr. Blvd, Portland OR


CC-by credits for the two incompetech songs


THIS PROGRAM WAS PRODUCED THROUGH THE FACILITIES OF PORTLAND COMMUNITY MEDIA, PORTLAND OREGON 2016